README.md, before:

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1212163/82012421-e5c4a100-9645-11ea-95de-f071f73a285f.png" width="150" />

*University of Cambridge #CAMvsCOVID Hackathon Winner*

The COVID-19 pandemic has forced millions of small businesses around the world to shut their doors, taking away their livelihoods in the process. Many are struggling to survive the current economic crisis. As passive costs like rent mount without income to offset them, some businesses may never open again. 
Meanwhile, communities are only dreaming of their favourite coffee shops, and missing their hairdressers like never before. 

Localing connects customers with local businesses once more. Our platform gives community members the power to pre-purchase goods from local businesses now, to raise capital to re-open in the future. The platform aggregates closed local businesses online, offering products and packages at a discounted price, to be redeemed upon re-opening of the business. 

This repository contains the frontend application, built with React, Redux and Bootstrap 4.

A live demo can be seen at https://localing.store/

Commit message:

Update demo URL in README

README.md, after:

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1212163/82012421-e5c4a100-9645-11ea-95de-f071f73a285f.png" width="150" />

*University of Cambridge #CAMvsCOVID Hackathon Winner*

The COVID-19 pandemic has forced millions of small businesses around the world to shut their doors, taking away their livelihoods in the process. Many are struggling to survive the current economic crisis. As passive costs like rent mount without income to offset them, some businesses may never open again. 
Meanwhile, communities are only dreaming of their favourite coffee shops, and missing their hairdressers like never before. 

Localing connects customers with local businesses once more. Our platform gives community members the power to pre-purchase goods from local businesses now, to raise capital to re-open in the future. The platform aggregates closed local businesses online, offering products and packages at a discounted price, to be redeemed upon re-opening of the business. 

This repository contains the frontend application, built with React, Redux and Bootstrap 4.

## Try it out
Live version can be seen at https://localing.co.uk/

## Built with
- React
- Redux
- Bootstrap 4
- AWS Amplify
